feat(cookbook): PSBTs multiple inputs (#32)
rust-bitcoin/rust-bitcoin.github.io: cookbook/src/psbt.md

# Working with PSBTs

> PSBTs (Partially Signed Bitcoin Transactions) are a format for encoding partially signed transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Partially Signed Bitcoin Transaction (PSBT) format specifies an encoding for partially signed transactions.
```

> They are used in the context of multisignature wallets, hardware wallets,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PSBTs are used in the context of multisignature wallets, hardware wallets,
```

and other use cases where multiple parties need to collaborate to sign a transaction.

> PSBTs (version 0) are defined in [BIP 174](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PSBT version 0 is defined in [BIP 174](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0174.mediawiki).
```
